Adding Flash Attention 2 Support for GPT2 (#29226)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/en/model_doc/gpt2.md

- Enabling the *scale_attn_by_inverse_layer_idx* and *reorder_and_upcast_attn* flags will apply the training stability
  improvements from [Mistral](https://github.com/stanford-crfm/mistral/) (for PyTorch only).

> ## Usage example

Reviewer: We should have the equivalent added for decision transformer too

Author: See message above

> The `generate()` method can be used to generate text using GPT Neo model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `generate()` method can be used to generate text using GPT2 model.
```

```python
>>> from transformers import AutoModelForCausalLM, AutoTokenizer

>>> model = AutoModelForCausalLM.from_pretrained("gpt2")
>>> tokenizer = AutoTokenizer.from_pretrained("gpt2")

>>> prompt = "GPT2 is a model developed by OpenAI."

>>> input_ids = tokenizer(prompt, return_tensors="pt").input_ids

>>> gen_tokens = model.generate(
...     input_ids,
...     do_sample=True,
...     temperature=0.9,
...     max_length=100,
... )
>>> gen_text = tokenizer.batch_decode(gen_tokens)[0]
```

## Using Flash Attention 2

> Flash Attention 2 is an faster, optimized version of the model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Flash Attention 2 is a faster, optimized version of the attention scores computation which relies on `cuda` kernels.
```
